This plugin has two components:
	Disk quotas:
	 	Disk quotas are designed to work with and EXT3 or EXT4 file system, using the quota package, although the commands run to configure quotas are customisable.
	 	Quotas are applied to entire file systems with ext3 quotas, and are applied on a per user basis.  This plugin supports multiple file system quotas and 
	 	allows you to set per user quotas for a group of people at once.  This plugin is designed to run the quota commands on the machine running the mmc-agent, although
	 	this could be adjusted.   When quota's are set for a group, all the quota commands will be inserted into a temporary file, then run in a batch for performnace reasons.
	 	
	 	Disk quotas are stored in the quotas attribute, using the object class "systemQuotas". 
	
	Network quotas:
		Network quotas are designed to be flexable, providing the ability to quotas for any given network and protocol pair defined in the configuration.  This plugin will
		update the ldap records for network quotas for each user, but does not attempt to apply these quotas to a firewall, as this will be different for most people.  We
		apply our network quotas using a cron job and a custom python script that queries a database and ldap, then writes tc rules for each user.
		

This plugin adds additional feilds to each user and to the "Edit group" screen.  

Quotas are displayed in Megabytes in MMC, however they are stored as blocks for disk quotas, and as bytes for network quotas.

Quotas set at the group level will apply to all members of the group.  If a user belongs to two groups, then last group changes are applied.  When making changes at a group
level, you can choose how these changes are applied by setting the Overwrite options.  This is to allow you to only affect some users of the group, providing the capaiblity for
some exceptions in quotas to be managed.

Overwrite options:
	Overwrite All existing quotas:
		This will overwrite all existing quotas for members of the group.  If any of the quota fields are left black, it will remove the quotas for the users
			
	Only if the current quota is smaller than the new quota, or does not exist
		This will only set the quota if the user has a quota less than the new group quota, or if they don't have a quota at all.
	
	Only if the current quota is lager than the new quota, or does not exist
		This will only set the quota if the user has a quota more than the new group quota, or if they don't have a quota at all.  So the effect of this is reducing peoples quota
		to a set value, and setting it to that value if they don't have a quota at all.
	
	Don't overwrite any existing quotas
		This will only set quotas for users that don't already have a quota.